README.md, before:

# Dotnetcore-React-Redux  
  
This project is a sample web application project that uses...  
- C# based ASP.NET Core for Backend API  
- React for UI framework  
- Redux for state managing  
- Typescript instead of javascript  
  
## Goals  
- Make sample web site with username/password authentication feature.  
- All backend requests including login/logout/registration will make API call.  
- Frontend should use react + redux by Typescript.  
- All functions, classes, methods and others should be appropriately commented.  
- For educational reason, no `var` keyword is allowed.  
  
## License (MIT)  
Copyright 2018 Jiung Hahm

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added major dependencies' version to README.

README.md, after:

# Dotnetcore-React-Redux  
  
This project is a sample web application project that uses...  
- C# based ASP.NET Core for Backend API  
- React for UI framework  
- Redux for state managing  
- Typescript instead of javascript  
  
## Goals  
- Make sample web site with username/password authentication feature.  
- All backend requests including login/logout/registration will make API call.  
- Frontend should use react + redux by Typescript.  
- All functions, classes, methods and others should be appropriately commented.  
- For educational reason, no `var` keyword is allowed.  
  
## Built with latest packages  
One of this project's goal is to provide dotnetcore, react and redux based web application built with latest packages of now.
To achieve that, all major packages this projects depend on will be updated to latest stable versions.  
Current versions of core dependencies:
- Server
  - **AspNetCore**: v2.2.0
  - AWSSDK: v3.3
- Client:
  - **aspnet-webpack**: v3.0.0
  - **aspnet-webpack-react**: v4.0.0
  - awesome-typescript-loader: v5.2.0
  - **bootstrap**: v4.1.3
  - css-loader: v2.1.1
  - **office-ui-fabric-core**: v10.0.0
  - **office-ui-fabric-react**: v6.167.1
  - **react**: v16.8.6
  - react-hot-loader: v4.8.4
  - **react-redux**: v7.0.2
  - react-router-dom: v5.0.0
  - react-router-redux: v4.0.8
  - **redux**: v4.0.0
  - redux-thunk: v2.3.0
  - source-map-loader: v0.2.4
  - **typescript**: v3.4.3
  - **webpack**: v4.30.0
  - webpack-dev-middleware: v3.6.2
  - webpack-hot-middleware: v2.24.3

  
## License (MIT)  
Copyright 2018 Jiung Hahm

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
